well howdy there in another people it's
Bo again so today we're going to talk
about a campaign trail and the lack of
primaries in the GOP the Republican
Party is canceling primaries across the
country they're trying to make sure that
nobody can challenge Trump because
they're scared they are scared they're
scared of the dissension within their
own party they've spun it to make it say
well we want to save our money for the
real election and there's no legitimate
challengers no yeah there are legitimate
challengers there's a bunch of them and
it's not about money it's about
showcasing the weakness of Trump within
the Republican Party they're afraid to
do it South Carolina the Executive
Committee of the GOP there voted to
cancel the primary and that's all fine
and good however the rules say that they
have to do it at the state convention
and they didn't they didn't they're
going out of the way they're bending
rules they know exist and they're
probably gonna get sued over it to be
honest and you have to wonder why and
it's not that they're worried he's gonna
lose they're worried it seems like
they're worried that he's not gonna win
by much and that's gonna show exactly
how many conservatives refuse to become
white fascists and defected moved away
from him
that they made the moral choice and
they're like no no no no not going to do
this fool me once shame on you that's
what they're worried about because if
his numbers aren't high in these
primaries and they probably won't be if
the numbers aren't high well then
campaign contributions across the
Republican Party are going to slip
because the GOP establishment tied their
wagons to Trump's campaign trail they
adopted all of these policies and it's
going to show how weak those policies
are
Florida just had a shake-up and the GOP
and the state GOP and they brought a new
guy to run it who was handpicked by
Trump and when it happened one of the
quotes that went out in a press release
was that they're gonna work to deliver
Trump for Florida yeah you're gonna have
to you've probably seen the same thing
that I have a year ago up here in the
Panhandle this is mega country a year
ago you couldn't drive across town
without seeing half a dozen Trump bumper
stickers towns like two miles wide today
you can drive around all day and not see
one most have been covered up by bumper
stickers supporting the local high
school band or something anything to
conceal that once fervent support for
the president but it's slipping of
course it's slipping he's trying to take
funding from a school on a military base
that serves the dependents of active
duty to fund a wall nobody really wants
and everybody knows gonna be effective
ineffective it's just a symbol it's a
monument to himself and everybody knows
that it was a good chant that was it
they've seen the ineffective leadership
and they don't support him anymore so
they're gonna try to stop the primaries
so that isn't highlighted I think Kansas
is doing it to the end of the day the
GOP establishment doesn't want these
primaries because they know that Trump's
ego can't take this if he doesn't win
these primaries by a huge margin well
he's gonna double down and try to appeal
to that ever-shrinking base again
just keep going after keep saying
crazier and crazier things keep doing
things that are morally repugnant and
drive more and more people away so their
hope is that since they're already on
the campaign trail with them wagons are
tied together well we're gonna circle
those wagons and we're not gonna let
anybody challenge Trump and then they're
going to count on Republicans showing up
to the polls and just voting the party
line the thing is I've seen this
strategy before the Democrats tried it
in a recent election despite massive
opposition to a candidate they ran her
anyway and they just expect the
Democrats to show up and vote for and
they stayed home
Trump won I have a feeling that that may
happen again
we may see that play out and reverse
with a whole bunch of Republicans just
sitting this one out
because well they can't associate with
they can't continue to support him
because of the policies that he has
shown the funny part about it is that
this is upsetting rank-and-file
Republicans even more the GOP
establishment is making this call to
circle the wagons around Trump and it's
causing more dissension because there's
a whole lot of Republicans know that
know that if Trump is at the top of that
ballot they're gonna get slaughtered
people are going to refuse to vote for
him and that's gonna affect how many
people vote for them and they know it
there's a whole lot of newer congressmen
and Senators out there that don't have
any power power within the establishment
that know they're going to lose because
the GOP establishment can't learn from
other people's mistakes now if you're a
Democrat my suggestion when you hear
about the scandals South Carolina broke
their rules and don't say anything don't
say anything just let them do it let
them do it because if the election goes
the way I think it mine it's going to
tear down the entire GOP establishment
it's gonna be fantastic that's it's
gonna be a dumpster fire just epic
proportions it's gonna be great so let
them do it and if you are a Republican
who is one of the moral ones to backed
away you can make noise and you can try
you do anything you want to but the odds
are they're not gonna let your primary
they're already made the decision for
you because it's a great republic and
your opinion doesn't matter
it's what happens when authoritarianism
infects a party the party members
well they don't get a say anymore anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night